RC Triggers and Functions deprecation (#286)
redis/docs: content/operate/rc/changelog/august-2023.md

> For more information about triggers and functions, see the [triggers and functions documentation]({{< relref "/develop/interact/programmability/triggers-and-functions/" >}}).

Reviewer: These links will need to be changed as well. I'm moving some, not all, T&F  content to

https://redis.io/docs/latest/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/deprecated-features/

So, maybe point there?

Author: ```suggestion
For more information about triggers and functions, see the [triggers and functions documentation]({{< relref "/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/deprecated-features/triggers-and-functions/" >}}).
```
